fix(replay): Guard against non-dictionary touch breadcrumb path elements (#6346)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

> - Fix fatal `NSInvalidArgumentException` crash in `RNSentryReplayBreadcrumbConverter` when a touch breadcrumb path contains a non-dictionary element ([#6342](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/6342))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix fatal `NSInvalidArgumentException` crash in `RNSentryReplayBreadcrumbConverter` when a touch breadcrumb path contains a non-dictionary element ([#6346](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6346))
```
